then Isaac called Jacob and blessed him
then Isaac called Jacob and blessed him and charged him you shall not take a
and charged him you shall not take a
and charged him you shall not take a wife from the daughters of Canaan arise
wife from the daughters of Canaan arise
wife from the daughters of Canaan arise go to Padan Aram to the house of birth
go to Padan Aram to the house of birth
go to Padan Aram to the house of birth you'll your mother's father and take
you'll your mother's father and take
you'll your mother's father and take yourself a wife from there of the
yourself a wife from there of the
yourself a wife from there of the daughters of Laban your mother's brother
daughters of Laban your mother's brother
daughters of Laban your mother's brother may God Almighty bless you and make you
may God Almighty bless you and make you
may God Almighty bless you and make you fruitful and multiply you that you may
fruitful and multiply you that you may
fruitful and multiply you that you may be an assembly of peoples and give you
be an assembly of peoples and give you
be an assembly of peoples and give you the blessing of Abraham to you and your
the blessing of Abraham to you and your
the blessing of Abraham to you and your descendants with you that you may
descendants with you that you may
descendants with you that you may inherit the land in which you are a
inherit the land in which you are a
inherit the land in which you are a stranger which God gave to Abraham so
stranger which God gave to Abraham so
stranger which God gave to Abraham so Isaac sent Jacob away and he went to pay
Isaac sent Jacob away and he went to pay
Isaac sent Jacob away and he went to pay dan/erin to Laban the son of bethuel the
dan/erin to Laban the son of bethuel the
dan/erin to Laban the son of bethuel the Syrian the brother of Rebekah the mother
Syrian the brother of Rebekah the mother
Syrian the brother of Rebekah the mother of Jacob and Esau esau saw that Isaac
of Jacob and Esau esau saw that Isaac
of Jacob and Esau esau saw that Isaac had blessed Jacob and sent him away to
had blessed Jacob and sent him away to
had blessed Jacob and sent him away to Paden era to take himself a wife from
Paden era to take himself a wife from
Paden era to take himself a wife from there and that as he blessed him he gave
there and that as he blessed him he gave
there and that as he blessed him he gave him a charge saying you shall not take a
him a charge saying you shall not take a
him a charge saying you shall not take a wife from the daughters of Canaan and
wife from the daughters of Canaan and
wife from the daughters of Canaan and that Jacob had obeyed his father and his
that Jacob had obeyed his father and his
that Jacob had obeyed his father and his mother and had gone to Padanaram
mother and had gone to Padanaram
mother and had gone to Padanaram also Esau saw that the daughters of
also Esau saw that the daughters of
also Esau saw that the daughters of Canaan did not please his father Isaac
Canaan did not please his father Isaac
Canaan did not please his father Isaac so Esau went to Ishmael and took Maher
so Esau went to Ishmael and took Maher
so Esau went to Ishmael and took Maher left the daughter of Ishmael Abraham's
left the daughter of Ishmael Abraham's
left the daughter of Ishmael Abraham's son the sister of Nebojsa to be his wife
son the sister of Nebojsa to be his wife
son the sister of Nebojsa to be his wife in addition to the wives he had
now Jacob went out from Beersheba and
now Jacob went out from Beersheba and went toward Haran so he came to a
went toward Haran so he came to a
went toward Haran so he came to a certain place and stayed there all night
certain place and stayed there all night
certain place and stayed there all night because the son had saved and he took
because the son had saved and he took
because the son had saved and he took one of the stones of that place and put
one of the stones of that place and put
one of the stones of that place and put it at his head and he lay down in that
it at his head and he lay down in that
it at his head and he lay down in that place to sleep then he dreamed and
place to sleep then he dreamed and
place to sleep then he dreamed and behold a ladder was set up on the earth
behold a ladder was set up on the earth
behold a ladder was set up on the earth and it stopped reached to heaven and
and it stopped reached to heaven and
and it stopped reached to heaven and there the angels of God were ascending
there the angels of God were ascending
there the angels of God were ascending and descending on it and behold the Lord
and descending on it and behold the Lord
and descending on it and behold the Lord stood above it
stood above it
stood above it I am the Lord God of Abraham your father
I am the Lord God of Abraham your father
I am the Lord God of Abraham your father and the god of Isaac the land on which
and the god of Isaac the land on which
and the god of Isaac the land on which you lied I will give to you and your
you lied I will give to you and your
you lied I will give to you and your descendants also your descendants shall
descendants also your descendants shall
descendants also your descendants shall be as the dust of the earth you shall
be as the dust of the earth you shall
be as the dust of the earth you shall spread abroad to the west and the east
spread abroad to the west and the east
spread abroad to the west and the east to the north and the south and in you
to the north and the south and in you
to the north and the south and in you and in your seed all the families of the
and in your seed all the families of the
and in your seed all the families of the earth shall be blessed behold I am with
earth shall be blessed behold I am with
earth shall be blessed behold I am with you and will keep you wherever you go
you and will keep you wherever you go
you and will keep you wherever you go and we'll bring you back to this land
and we'll bring you back to this land
and we'll bring you back to this land for I will not leave you until I have
for I will not leave you until I have
for I will not leave you until I have done what I have spoken to you
then Jacob awoke from his sleep surely
then Jacob awoke from his sleep surely the Lord is in this place and I did not
the Lord is in this place and I did not
the Lord is in this place and I did not know it and he was afraid how awesome is
know it and he was afraid how awesome is
know it and he was afraid how awesome is this place this is none other than the
this place this is none other than the
this place this is none other than the house of God and this is the gate of
house of God and this is the gate of
house of God and this is the gate of heaven then Jacob rose early in the
heaven then Jacob rose early in the
heaven then Jacob rose early in the morning and took the stone but he had
morning and took the stone but he had
morning and took the stone but he had put at his head said it up as a pillar
put at his head said it up as a pillar
put at his head said it up as a pillar and poured oil on top of it and he
and poured oil on top of it and he
and poured oil on top of it and he called the name of that place Bethel but
called the name of that place Bethel but
called the name of that place Bethel but the name of that city had been loved
the name of that city had been loved
the name of that city had been loved previously then Jacob made a vow if God
previously then Jacob made a vow if God
previously then Jacob made a vow if God will be with me and keep me in this way
will be with me and keep me in this way
will be with me and keep me in this way that I am going and give me bread to eat
that I am going and give me bread to eat
that I am going and give me bread to eat and clothing to put on so that I come
and clothing to put on so that I come
and clothing to put on so that I come back to my father's house in peace then
back to my father's house in peace then
back to my father's house in peace then the Lord shall be my god and this stone
the Lord shall be my god and this stone
the Lord shall be my god and this stone which I have set as a pillar shall be
which I have set as a pillar shall be
which I have set as a pillar shall be God's house and of all that you give me
God's house and of all that you give me
God's house and of all that you give me I will surely give a tenth to you